There were a couple of problems going through any group there are bullys
in every group and the bully will always target the people who he
thinks he can bully the easiest this makes it tough on everybody I've
never been on the aggressive fighter never been particularly athletic
so I've been the target of a lot of bullies in my life. You know
it's hard to put up with it but hardly ever fatal or hardly ever leads
to any kind of permanent injury, I think organizations should be
alert to bullying and take care of it better, but for individuals
I think the best thing to do is just look inside yourself, think about
what's bothering you think about whether it really matters, often
the bully is relying on the fact you'll be embarrassed to have been
pushed around by somebody and if you don't care I can laugh off or
make a joke about it often they'll go away and leave you alone god help
you if you've been bullied if I'm around let me know I'd help you
to.